Okay, so now I have to look at this? Okay, here, I'll try it.
Alright. I know.
Well...
Yeah. Um well I graduated from a bible college.
So after college, um I came down to this
mission for like one year. To see that
Because I wanted to do that. I wanted to be a self-supporting missionary. And I was actually able to do that.
like do a master's degree in ASL or something like that.
then I ended up. My husband turns out that he wasn't
to church. And so
We ended up actually in between. I had a college of four years, but I took a year and a half off.
the bible. Travelling as a missionary. And I also
After my first year of college, I went to, I went on a summer mission.
And I ended up going to Japan then I taught English.
for someone with a program that you would teach in a church.
And it help like people in the church , who wanted to speak
I went 1982
like made of speakers, right? Everybody could read English and write English, Yeah.
they couldn't pronounce English. The teachers couldn't pronounce English.
And there wasn't the internet. So
I was 18 and I just fell in love with
Japan and Japanese. And that's how that happened. That's probably why I'm here now.
and all my kids even though
And then later after giving birth, we haven't got married um
After our three years we live in Japan.
And we lived there for three years, so I should be better at Japanese, but I, we lived enough.
Uh we live in Ottawa, Ohio and
there's a university hospital with church over there.
so multiple, a lot of the people in the town uh
working very hard. All my friends they work in the medical field and they all
English.  And I like Ooh, Now I get to practice English so I didn't get to practice Japanese.
Yeah, so I still did learn quite a bit, but not as much. I wasn't able to be immersed.
But I can, I can still, I still know a lot of Japanese.
And I learned a lot, kind of way back then. And
And um when my daughter, my husband, we had one child.
one year old then I have my second
were born there and we came back when they were like three and a half.
and one and a half. Only the oldest player members play in Japan. And
um
Yeah, Our kids are all crazy about Japan and Japanese. So they have
too afraid of roach. Coffin and morigana out of smack bed.
morigana. We, we eat a lot of Japanese food, and so
I think it's all kind of feel comfortable.
with Japan and Japanese and my other theories.
My mom's Chris, and I recently realized that she has culture and Japanese culture.
And there's so much in common, like for your outfit.
Think of things, and like, and sure have been
see on things and how you treat
we talk about things like that
so I travelled in Japan and telling Japanese how...
She wanted to take a college class, so I went with her, which was really different.
and she was in Japan this last year and then she just felt like this is my country
Japan like is so comfortable it makes you another
I never had culture shock. I never. I just felt like I liked what he was doing.
This fits us the way I am.
So, that's kind of our plan in life.
She's right in front of us. She's the one.
I got nine kids. So that's why we didn't travel for a long time
We came from Japan. We lived in Canada again for a while and then we came down here.
and spend on house like 20 million.
Okay, then we couldn't travel.
uh and also we adopted two girls from Ukraine 20 years ago.
It's another story.
Russian.
Um...
We learned some to go there and then when we got back we got them to go to Russian school.
Friday and Saturday, little one didn't want to go, especially the older ones didn't want to go.
And then um I kind of uh
The older one comes, so the little one and the younger one.
She went back to Ukraine. At least she took a Russian class
She forgot the grammar, but her pronunciation, she had it. She still has it.
Some of it, yeah, yeah, yeah. A lot of it came back. She listens to Russian music.
They both lie like me, like they go to the class and not study. Yeah.
Yeah.
We have several kinds.
Yes.
If there's two or three times, well, you can have
Oh They've got um the purple kind
And they've also got one that's a green borscht.
and they use a special plant that grows
um that grows that way. We used to have a rental house.
um likewise
and we had girls like for about 20 years and
terrible if your family's in a row, and you're all Christians.
you know what's happening
But they had that, they were growing that plant too. It also work
But when we were in Ukraine, we adopted a girl.
That was the plant. That was the first of the green plants.
Okay.